NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
Clay Morrow killed
your father.
He's a murderous traitor.
All in favor of Clay Morrow
meeting Mr. Mayhem?
Yeah.
No.
We need more than money.
What do you want?
Guns!
There's some old KG-9s
at the warehouse.
Will you let me give them those?
Yeah, okay.
OTTO:
I gave Luann this crucifix.
I just want to wear it
for a few minutes.
GEMMA:
When were you
gonna tell me about Oregon?
I am pulling my family
far away from you, Samcro,
and the shit
that comes with it.
You take one step
out of Charming,
the only place
you're going is prison.
All I gotta do is reach out
to those investigators.
You told me exactly what you
were gonna have Otto do.
LEE: Lee Toric.
TARA: U.S. Marshal.
Retired. The nurse that was
murdered, she was my sister.
RICO is dead, bitch.
These next few months
will be the most
excruciatingly painful time
of your sick
and miserable life.
State your name
for the record.
[GRUNTING]
Way to commit, Otto.
Why is Wendy listed
on there as a guardian?
Just getting things
in order.
Do you wanna earn
your way back in?
What does that mean?
JAX:
It means you do everything
I tell you to do.
You know what happens
to whoever kills me.
I'm counting on it.
That's Clay's gun.
This weapon is registered
in your name.
It was just used
in the murder of Damon Pope.
Can you tell me where you've
been this afternoon?
Right here.
Can anyone confirm that?
He went out for a few hours.
I didn't think he'd kill anyone.
Bounty's on Clay Morrow. I want
him dead before his hearing.
BOBBY:
I know what you did with Clay.
You had a chance
to be different.
I have a warrant.
Conspiracy to commit murder.
You're under arrest,
Dr. Knowles.
Call Lowen.
[♪♪♪]
JAX:
I feel like my life
has taken a turn.
I'm heading down a road
I've never been on before.
Nothing is familiar.
The signs don't make sense.
Do I get off the road
or do I keep riding?
Do I go alone
or take others with me?
Who do I trust
for the journey?
I now understand why being
a leader requires isolation.
I have to remove myself
from those
whose lives are affected
by my decisions.
Those I love as well
as those I hate.
It's getting more and more
difficult to be a brother
when my decisions are the ones
a father has to make.
By the time you're old enough
to make sense of this life
you'll know everything
about me.
The things I'm proud of
and the things I regret.
And then you'll be faced
with your own decisions.
And as much as I want to help
you and tell you what to do,
those choices
will be yours alone.
The only advice
I can give you, sons,
is to examine
who you are as men,
figure out
what's important to you.
Know yourselves.
BOBBY: Juice, heads up.
JAX: Know what's in your heart.
JUICE: This is our exit, Rat.
JAX:
Don't be swayed by fear
or history
or the opinions
of outsiders.
Find your own truth.
It will lead you
to the things you love.
How's it going, boss?
Morning.
Hey, morning. Morning.
Wanna see Grandma?
Hi. Yeah, come on.
[THOMAS COOING]
Oh, I know. Oh, yeah, yeah,
yeah, it's okay.
Look what I have for you
over here. Come here.
Hey, buddy.
You sleep okay?
When's Mommy coming home,
Daddy?
Real soon.
Any word
on our other inmate?
We would've heard
from County.
I know.
I'm gonna go see Tara.
You should head to T-M.
I'm with you, pres.
I need to ride alone,
clear my head.
I'll be fine.
You can help me
with the monsters.
JAX:
All right, I love you.
Be good for Grandma.
Hey.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
[THOMAS BABBLING]
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
He's doing
a real good job, Mom.
His old man would be proud.
[OTTO GRUNTING]
[MAN LAUGHS]
How's your morning?
Yeah, tough one
for me too.
Had the memorial
for my sister last night.
It's too bad death
is the only thing
that puts life
into perspective.
Gonna be paying a visit
to your MC family today.
Was wondering if you wanted me
to say hi to anyone.
Deliver a message. Hmm.
Hmm?
No? You sure? Okay.
I pretty much used up
my favors here.
You may not see me
for a while.
But my friends who have been
visiting you every morning,
they'll keep coming.
You take care
of yourself, Otto.
[OTTO GROANS]
[SOBBING]
CHIBS:
Hey, little Tommy. Come on.
Come on, little Tommy boy.
Come on, monkey man.
How are you?
Oh, Chucky,
expecting trouble?
All right.
You got it.
Awesome.
TIG: Grandma's got a gun.
It's for Nero's kid.
WOMAN:
Hi. I got you, Thomas.
Let's go wake up
Uncle Touchy.
GEMMA:
How's he handling getting
passed over for SA?
CHIBS:
He's got other things
on his mind.
He's still not right yet,
you know?
Well, losing a kid
will do that.
Listen, anything you need,
you let us know.
Okay, Mom?
Thank you.
TIG:
Okay, wake him up. Wake him up.
Pound, yeah.
[TIG LAUGHING]
UNSER:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
All right, Christ.
Hey, there,
little guy. Ha, ha.
You got
your grandma's knock.
You good for
a couple hours?
Oh, yeah, sure. Yeah, go ahead.
Come on, let's go to the swings.
Where are you going?
Diosa.
Things are happening
pretty fast
between you and that
handsome pimp, huh?
You a little jealous, Tiggy?
Maybe.
You, uh, heard anything
from County yet?
No.
JAX:
We haven't heard anything
about Clay.
AUGUST:
And you won't until he's
out of protective custody.
He's in PC?
Someone wants him alive.
He couldn't have made
a deal that fast.
MC has been RICO bait.
Feds could've jumped on him.
Would Clay rat?
I think Clay would do
anything to stay alive.
That could be very bad
for both of us.
So, what do we do?
Not a lot we can do in County.
Hearing is
in two days.
At the very least,
a parole violation
sends him back to Stockton.
There we got options.
Okay.
You still owe us Trager.
I'm gonna make that right
for Mr. Pope and his family.
My club
has been cut in half.
I lose another body,
my charter folds.
That ain't my problem.
No, it's not.
We finish Clay,
you deliver Trager.
Understood?
Yeah.
ARCADIO:
Hey, mijo.
Did they tell you anything?
No.
Prosecutor's claiming
privileged information.
Who are they protecting?
[SIGHS]
Family?
Maybe.
It had to be Gemma.
You need to talk to Jax.
No.
Tara, he won't talk to me.
You need to find out what he--
I said, no.
I can't let him
see me like this.
Okay.
Your bail hearing's
at 10 tomorrow morning.
Hopefully
we'll know more then.
I'll check in
with you later.
I have to get out of here.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
You talk to her?
Yeah.
She still doesn't want
to see you. I'm sorry.
She should be home tomorrow.
"Should"?
You think
they won't post bail?
I can't get anything
from the DA's office.
Still don't know
what they have on her.
All right.
Jax.
Tara thinks it was Gemma
who turned her in.
How is that?
Gemma found out Tara was gonna
take the job in Oregon.
She then threatened
to lie to the authorities,
tell them that Tara asked
for the cross
so that Otto
could kill the nurse
and crush RICO.
Jesus Christ.
My mother would never
go to the cops.
I think there's very little
your mother wouldn't do
to keep those boys close.
What time's the hearing?
Ten, Trial Room 6.
All right,
I'll see you there.
IMA:
Where's Jax?
What's this gash doing here?
Please, I need your help.
Lyla's hurt really bad. Please.
Unser, you got him?
All right, man.
[RAQUEL RODRIGUEZ'S "ALREADY
BEAT" PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Your AK
Water Blaster.
Oh, thanks,
sweetheart.
Sorry to keep
you waiting, mama.
It's okay, baby.
I sucked some cock,
made a few bucks.
Good, you're buying lunch.
What's with this?
Buying your son's affection.
No presents for me?
Maybe.
♪Don't you see, baby
That I'm already beat?♪
I need to talk to you.
We okay here?
Yeah, family thing.
NERO:
Yeah, use my room.
♪You have dragged my heart
All across the ground♪
♪Not givin' up till
You know that I'm down♪
♪Don't you see, baby
That I'm already beat?♪
What's going on?
Did you threaten to turn in Tara
if she took that job in Oregon?
Guess she finally
talked to you.
No, she still
won't talk to me.
Lowen told me.
Answer the question.
Of course not.
I mean, yeah, I may have said
something about, if she didn't--
Jesus Christ.
I was trying to scare her smart.
And I would never go
to the cops. You know that.
It's Wendy you should be
worrying about. She's got Tara--
Don't change
the goddamn subject.
Mom, why do you always have to
stir shit up with me and Tara?
We got a situation
out here, you.
[LYLA SOBBING]
JAX: Holy shit.
Jax.
JAX: What happened?
LYLA: I didn't--
I want Ope.
Please. Oh, God,
I want Opie.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
JAX:
What happened?
It was supposed to be
just some fetish stuff.
Sado play, cage time.
It was torture porn.
They never told me.
The more I asked them to stop,
the more they hurt me.
Jesus Christ.
JAX: Who were they?
LYLA:
Persians.
Ghanezi brothers.
I met one of them
through the Saffron producers.
They had references.
You're a stupid whore.
I'm the one
that got her out of there.
I asked her to get me
the work, Jax.
My best asset has
a bullet wound in it.
Can't do the
girl-girl stuff.
I need money.
I got three kids now.
NERO:
Hey, Lyla, why didn't you
say something?
I don't take charity.
JAX: Lyla.
This gets settled,
you understand?
Where are they?
Stockton.
Near the Navy docks.
IMA:
I have an address.
How many were there?
I saw about five or six.
Couple of them had guns.
You know these guys?
No, but if we decide
to head to the docks,
we gotta make it good
with Barosky.
He's an ex-cop,
he runs the port.
And how do we know that these
sand pigs don't work for him?
He's right. We should
check it out first.
Can your crew back us up?
Yeah.
All right, I'm gonna get Lyla
back to the clubhouse.
Come on, sweetheart.
I'll clean her up.
[IMA SHOUTS]
She'll be fine.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
How you doing, Clay?
Lee Toric,
U.S. Marshal. Retired.
You mind if I sit?
Retired?
Ain't you fishing
in the wrong hole?
We both should
be fishing.
But here we are.
[GROANS]
I know you didn't kill
Damon Pope.
A man with your
skill and experience
wouldn't be so careless
as to toss a weapon with
prints a few hundred yards
from a murder scene.
My guess,
Jax Teller took out Pope.
From what I hear, he blames
Pope for the death of his friend
in the catacombs here.
But then he pins
the murder on you. Why?
Maybe you just didn't
love him enough as a kid.
Hmm?
Outlaws turning on outlaws
is nothing new.
But an old lady
turning on her old man,
that's a serious breach
of MC protocol.
What happened there?
Maybe I just
didn't love her enough.
Hmm.
As the proud owner
of three ex-wives,
that unfortunately
makes sense.
Let me guess.
You're the guy I can thank
for this private suite here.
Yes, I am.
Mm-hm.
So just how
does a sidelined fed
get that kind
of juice with County?
I've earned
a few favors with ATF.
You're welcome.
But my privileges
are winding down
and I'm afraid
it's checkout time, Clay.
Next shift change
puts you back in gen pop.
You know
what happens then.
Black Pope takes white pawn.
Mm-hm.
What do you want?
Samcro.
Who are you working for, man?
No one.
Otto Delaney ripped open
my sister's throat
to beat RICO
for Jax and your club.
This isn't about a case
or my career.
This is very personal.
If you wanna live, let the guard
know before the next shift.
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
[MOTORCYCLES REVVING]
There's no oven.
How are you gonna bake anything?
Oh, I'll figure it out.
Jury says you can keep this
as long as you need it.
Thanks, Quinn.
No problem.
You like being
around here?
Yeah, they're a good crew.
Miss being a Nomad?
Every day.
Let's talk later. I wanna
bounce something off you.
All good, man.
I'll see you at the house.
Is there anything I can do?
Pick up some groceries or...?
I'm good, I'm good.
Appreciate the help.
I'll see you at Jury's.
Yeah, sure.
Uh...
How long you staying?
I said,
I'll see you at Jury's.
[SIGHS]
UNSER:
Hey.
Easy. Easy.
GEMMA: What are you doing here?
Looking for you.
I heard about
what happened to Tara.
Yeah.
Guess that puts a little wrench
in your guardian plans.
Tara put together a will
that named you
as guardian to those boys.
I didn't ask her to do that.
Doesn't matter now.
Well, I guess not.
Look, Gemma,
I'm done fighting.
The shit
that went down last week
almost cost me three years
of sobriety. I can't do it.
Abel's with his dad.
If I try to change that,
either I'm gonna get killed
or he's gonna get hurt.
Just keep him safe.
Please.
And, uh, what if Tara
pushes that will on Jax?
I am not gonna
let her make me a guardian.
If I have to be
completely honest,
I think I actually
kind of miss this place.
[CHUCKLES]
AMIR:
Mario, come on,
give it to her harder.
Destruction.
WOMAN:
No, let me out of here.
AMIR:
Destroy, destroy.
Seek and destroy.
WOMAN:
Get off me! Bastard!
AMIR:
Very good. Even harder.
That's nice.
Good, finally you're doing good.
WOMAN: Get off!
ARCADIO:
How do you wanna do this?
Let's try knocking on the door.
ARCADIO: Right.
[FOAD MANSHADI'S "AROOM, AROOM"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Amir. Amir.
AMIR: What?
You expecting these guys?
[WOMAN GRUNTS]
Morning.
We're looking
for the Ghanezi brothers.
Who are you?
Fellow pornographers.
Morning. Ever hear of a place
called, uh, Caracara?
No.
We're a small studio.
Tame stuff compared
to what you guys do.
And what is it
that we do?
Let's take a look, huh?
NERO:
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I suggest you tell
Zero Dark Shithead over there
to put down that piece.
Good boy. In.
Move, move.
You hurt one of our girls.
CHIBS: Out.
JAX:
A friend of mine. Lyla Winston.
Who?
Saffron Sisters.
What's the problem? She got
paid. She knew what it was.
Actually, she said you weren't
real clear about the gig.
She had no idea she was gonna
get cut, burned and beaten.
Come on, it's a job.
All the girls know it.
What about her?
Did she sign up for a
gangbang and a beatdown?
Yeah, I guess that cage
shit over here,
that was part
of her contract too, huh?
WOMAN:
Untie me.
Get her out of there.
You can't walk in here
and tell us what to do.
Oh, yeah?
I'm trying to handle this
in a calm, professional manner.
But unless you wanna be
the one on that mattress
while four white boys
go jihad on your ass,
I suggest you pay these girls
and let them go.
Now.
Kia, pay the girls.
[SPEAKING IN PERSIAN]
Shh, shh, shh.
Go now.
You, scumbag,
lie down.
It's okay, it's okay.
Gun!
Amir, go,
I'll cover you. Go, go!
CHIBS:
The older one got away, Jack.
Put him in the cage.
Move, piece of shit.
Is that piss?
And vinegar.
Wow.
NERO: Jax.
What you got?
NERO:
Chronic and Astroglide.
Need any lube?
This kind.
MAN 1: Police.
MAN 2: Don't move.
MAN 3:
Stay down.
[COPS YELLING]
MAN 1:
You, get down. Get down
on the ground.
Let me see some hands. Both
hands behind the head, let's go.
[JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKER]
[CAR HORN HONKS]
JAX:
Damn, I knew things
had gotten bad in Stockton
but I didn't know you guys were
working out of Dumpsters now.
There's a few more of them back
at Quigley's supply house.
These two run the crews.
Thanks, guys. Keep the dope.
Charlie Barosky.
You know who I am?
Yeah, we know.
Still you bounce
into my neighborhood,
turn shit upside down,
not even a call.
Those Persian scumbags--
Persia hasn't been
a country since 637 AD.
They're called Iranians.
Okay.
Those Iranian scumbags are doing
torture porn and rape films.
Not being real clear
with the talent.
They hurt one of our girls.
We run Diosa.
Nero, right?
Sorry.
Yeah, Nero Padilla.
Jax Teller.
I thought you guys
left Stockton.
Things got a little complicated
on the east side,
so we set up down
in Morada.
Outside Charming.
That's where my MC's based.
You still an escort service?
Yeah. Why?
I work with someone,
runs girls out of the port.
Looking to go legit.
JAX: We could help.
We've been looking
to move back to Stockton.
Is that right?
Yeah, yeah,
we can talk about it.
Good.
How about this
Iranian problem?
Yeah, we're sorry
we stepped on your toes.
We didn't know
what we were walking into.
Sounds like
some real sick shit.
Come on in,
get something to eat.
I'll make a few calls,
see how we clean it up.
So I'm thinking
maybe you should
bounce expansion talks
off of me, partner.
I saw an opening.
You don't like it,
we don't do it.
GEMMA:
Welcome back.
Sweetheart.
Gem.
Ma'am.
There. Now you've had
your hand on my tits,
you can't call me
"ma'am" anymore.
Okay-- Gemma.
Uh-huh.
Where is everyone?
Some porn prick
messed up Lyla.
So they went up to Stockton
to straighten it out.
Uh, she's actually laying down
in the club house.
Why don't you see
if she needs anything?
All right.
Don't grab her tits.
Okay.
How's Bobby?
He doesn't
really say much.
Maybe do him some good,
spending time with Jury's crew.
New pussy,
change of scenery.
No, it's more than that.
I got a feeling he's gonna
patch out of Redwood.
And go where?
Started out Nomad.
Nomads folded.
All you need is four members
that don't have a home anymore.
That's not gonna happen.
So how are you?
I'm tired.
I haven't heard
anything.
Can I ask you
something?
No.
And I'm not gonna ask you.
It's done.
A crooked cop
opens a crooked donut shop.
No one else sees
the irony in that?
The shortbread
is bloody marvelous.
Guy who rented Ghanezi
the space
had no idea
what they were doing.
Got no problem
making them go away.
How much damage
did you do?
Muscle took a flesh wound. Left
one of the brothers locked up.
No damage to the space.
Okay, I keep the cash,
we call it even.
Next time you do business here,
I'm your first stop.
Yeah, we know.
You go cut the Persian loose.
I'll set the meet with Colette.
Dino.
Come on, I'll give you
a ride to the docks.
[LEE CLEARS THROAT]
How are your accommodations?
Confined.
I'm sorry.
I wanted to give you a few days
to adjust before we spoke.
This was you?
How?
I focused the Department
of Justice on the facts.
Pointed out your
marital connection to the club.
The RICO case.
The documents you forged
to access Otto.
Did you think they
wouldn't find those? Hmm?
I only did that
so I could talk to him.
You are aware these rooms
are being monitored.
You just acknowledged
committing a felony.
You're right,
I should wait for my lawyer.
I hope
she tells you the truth,
because it's not looking
very hopeful.
You probably won't have
to do serious time.
But they'll--
They'll wanna make
an example out of you.
Probably hit you
with at least five-to-seven.
[CHUCKLES]
And I guess you're here
to tell me how you can help.
I have no desire
to help you.
I wanna use you.
You need to give up
your husband.
Jax had nothing to do
with your sister's death.
And he would never have ordered
a member to kill a woman.
Because he's so noble.
Otto killed your sister
with that cross to hurt Jax,
not help him.
I can offer WITSEC
for you and your boys.
Anywhere you want.
I know it's not
how you wanted to do it,
but the end result
is the same.
And how do I tell my sons
I'm the one who turned
on their father?
I don't know.
But at least
you'll be alive to do it.
And so will they.
Your protection is a favor
of the marshal's office.
Once the DA starts
spinning this case,
my contacts won't
want to step on local toes.
Means you got about
two weeks to decide.
I don't need two weeks.
I'm not guilty
and I'm not a rat.
Fair enough.
Take care of yourself,
doctor.
You too.
[WHIMPERS]
[SOBBING]
CHIBS:
Could have filled that dude
full of propane.
I know. No smoking
in front of that shit. Boom.
CHIBS:
All right.
That was Gemma.
Juice is back.
Wasn't sure that he had
the balls to come back here.
I know.
What are we gonna
do with him?
I mean, we tied up
all the loose ends.
You know, can't ignore
the shit he's pulled.
He's a risk, Jackie.
Maybe he can earn it back.
That's a club decision.
Our table is in pieces.
The shit that Juice pulled,
that knowledge crushes
the brotherhood even more.
Let's give him a chance to
prove himself, then decide.
Yo, Barosky set up a meet
with this, uh, Colette.
His shop in about an hour.
Okay, good.
Me and Nero will stick around,
meet with the madam.
You and Hap head back.
Tig, let Ghanezi
out of the cage.
Tell him the Persian
Empire's fallen.
Hey, thank you.
ARCADIO: Hey.
You ready, brother?
Yeah.
Hey, Tig.
Check out that production
equipment, all right?
See what's there.
You thinking more
Caracara?
I'm thinking
you don't need to know.
Yep, yep.
KIA:
Hey.
Open the door,
you stupid shit.
[SPEAKING IN PERSIAN]
Take off.
Take off where?
This is our place.
This is our equipment.
You just lost your lease.
Just get out of here.
Get out of here
and don't come back. Go on.
[SPEAKING IN PERSIAN]
Wait, wait.
What did you say there?
I hope you watch our movies
and see your daughter raped.
Maybe you'd like
to see that.
Oh, Daddy, Daddy,
that hurts.
[GRUNTING]
[KIA GRUNTING]
[TIG GRUNTS]
[URINATING]
[SIGHS]
I met Charlie when
I was on the street.
He was impressed with my
business acumen. He set me up.
JAX:
What does Uncle Charlie take?
COLETTE:
Gets his port rent and security
vig. Same way he did as a cop.
NERO:
So if you don't get hassled
by the P.D., uh,
why do you need
an escort front?
More than half my
clientele comes off a ship.
Last year there was
some trouble.
Navy starts cracking down
on whore time.
My business took a dive.
So why don't you go legit
on your own?
NERO:
Prostitution arrests.
That'll never happen.
That's right.
So I need a partner.
NERO:
You understand it's more than
filling out paperwork.
The state,
they do inspections.
The girls have
to be professional.
Place has gotta be nice.
I got all that.
Come see my house.
It's very nice.
And my girls are the ones
pushing for this.
They wanna clean it up,
go more legit.
Three-way split?
COLETTE: Yeah.
House expenses and Charlie's
fees, they come off the top.
House expenses.
Charlie, that's your cost.
Hey, you're paying for our,
uh, expertise.
Right.
Okay.
JAX: Good.
Let's go take a look.
I gotta go see my kid.
Another time?
We'll talk.
I'm sure we will.
I see a ring on your finger,
but not his.
He's with someone.
Trust me, you do not want
to rock that boat.
And what about
your old lady? Hmm?
Is she okay
with your line of work?
My bike's out front.
I'll follow you.
UNSER:
Hey.
Where's Abel?
Uh...
I left him with the girls.
I told him Lyla had
the chicken pox.
Good thinking,
Uncle Touchy.
You know that makes me sound
like a pedophile, right?
That's why I like it.
You know, I really appreciate
you helping out
with the boys, Wayne.
Means a lot.
It's my pleasure.
[GROANS]
You haven't, uh, said
anything about Clay.
Means I don't want to.
Listen, uh...
I know you got yourself
a new friend and all
but, uh, you can
still talk to me, Gem.
I know you better
than anybody.
Yeah, you do.
But right now I really
don't wanna know myself.
Hey, I'm looking for Jax.
He's in Stockton.
What's wrong?
LOWEN:
I need to
tell him something. Uh....
Could you, uh,
go check on the boys?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Excuse me.
What do you want to tell him?
Heh.
That his mother
ratted out his wife?
I'm just passing
on a message.
Yeah, well, here's a message
for you, lady law.
Remember who you work for.
You're right.
Helping Tara and the MC
might be a conflict of interest.
Guess I'll have to
figure out
which innocent is more
in need of a good defense.
Choose wisely.
I'd hate for Tara to be
the last client you ever had.
♪ I left my home in Georgia ♪
♪ Heading for the Frisco Bay ♪
♪ Because I got
Nothing to live for ♪
♪ And nothing is coming my way ♪
♪ I'm sitting on the
Dock of the bay ♪
♪ Watching the tide
Roll away, baby ♪
[BILLY VALENTINE & FOREST
RANGERS' "SITTING ON THE DOCK
OF THE BAY" PLAYING]
♪ Sittin' here
Resting my bones ♪
♪ This loneliness
Won't leave me alone ♪
♪ Two thousand miles I roam ♪
♪ Just to make this dock
My home, now ♪
[SECURITY DOOR BUZZES]
[INMATES CHATTERING]
♪ Sittin' on the dock
Of the bay ♪
♪ Wastin' time ♪
In my pocket.
Tell him I want a deal.
[R&B MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
We use the living room
as a lobby.
Upstairs, we have
four bedrooms.
Small bar right
off the kitchen.
And we turned the back porch
into a massage room.
Feels comfortable.
It is.
We make these Navy guys
feel at home.
Half the time they just wanna
sit here and talk.
You own it?
Long-term lease.
No property taxes.
Utilities, insurance,
comfort amenities,
that's the only overhead.
And when you had
the Navy clients,
what'd you turn in a day?
With a full house
I can turn all five rooms
at least six or seven times.
One-fifty to 600 a date.
That's good.
You'd be up for mixing girls?
Yours and Diosa's?
Variety is the key
to stimulation.
I'll remember that.
I should head out.
You should stick around.
Visit some of the girls.
We got a rule at Diosa.
Never date your coworkers.
That's a stupid rule.
WOMAN:
Hey, sweetie, linens
are done in the dryer.
I got Dr. Pete.
COLETTE: I got it.
Mother's work is never done.
We'll talk soon.
Yeah.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Yeah?
It's Ally Lowen.
JAX [OVER PHONE]:
What's going on?
I talked to Tara
this afternoon.
I wanted to tell you
this in person.
What?
She doesn't want you at
the hearing tomorrow morning.
She wants to do it alone.
Jax?
Yeah, I heard you.
I'm sorry.
She'll be fine as soon
as she's home.
I'll call you
when we're done.
All right.
CHIBS:
Clear out.
Close the door, Rat.
JUICE:
What's up?
What's going on?
I'm a bit worried
about you, Juicy.
I'm okay, man.
CHIBS: No, no, no.
Not how you are.
I'm worried about
what you might do.
I don't know
what you mean.
You stole from us
to help a cop.
And you killed a brother.
JUICE: No.
Miles tried to--
You ratted.
And then you took a cowardly
swing from a tree.
JUICE:
I never meant
to hurt the club.
CHIBS:
But you did.
And for some reason,
Jax has given you a pardon.
And there's nothing
I can do about that.
But I gotta get right
with it somehow.
I love you, brother.
I know.
[JUICE GRUNTING]
Thought you were heading out.
I am.
You okay?
Yeah.
You know, I listen almost
as good as I suck dick.
Sorry, it's a family thing.
Wife or kids?
Both, I guess.
That's a drag.
Yeah.
Come on.
Give me a hand.
Housework always centers
my chi.
Here you go.
Say "thank you."
Thank you.
LUCIUS:
This is awesome!
[BOY GRUNTING]
BOY:
He got me wet! Get him, get him!
Yep, a gun.
Awesome.
[TOY GUN WHIRRING
AND BOY LAUGHING]
[♪♪♪]
Yeah.
[CHURCH CLOCK CHIME RINGING]
[CHURCH BELL TOLLING]
[SCHOOL BELL RINGING]
[CHILDREN CHATTERING]
[♪♪♪]
[CHURCH BELL TOLLING]
MAN:
Oh, my God!
[GUNFIRE THEN PEOPLE SCREAMING]
[CHATTERING]
[LEONARD COHEN'S
"COME HEALING" PLAYING]
♪ O gather at the brokenness ♪
♪ Bring it to me now ♪
♪ The fragrance
Of those promises ♪
♪ You never dared to vow ♪
♪ The splinters
That you carried ♪
♪ The cross you left behind ♪
♪ Come healing of the body ♪
♪ Come healing of the mind ♪
♪ And let the heavens hear it ♪
♪ The penitential hymn ♪
♪ Come healing of the spirit ♪
♪ Come healing of the limb ♪
♪ Behold the gates of mercy ♪
♪ In arbitrary space ♪
♪ And none of us deserving ♪
♪ The cruelty or the grace ♪
♪ O solitude of longing ♪
♪ Where love has been confined ♪
♪ Come healing of the body ♪
♪ Come healing of the mind ♪
[DOOR OPENS THEN CLOSES]
♪ O see the darkness yielding ♪
♪ That tore the light apart ♪
♪ Come healing of the reason ♪
♪ Come healing of the heart ♪
♪ O troubledness concealing ♪
♪ An undivided love ♪
♪ The heart beneath
Is teaching ♪
♪ To the broken heart above ♪
♪ Let the heavens falter ♪
♪ Let the earth proclaim ♪
♪ Come healing of the altar ♪
♪ Come healing of the name ♪
♪ O longing of the branches ♪
♪ To lift the little bird ♪
♪ O longing of the arteries ♪
♪ To purify the blood ♪
♪ And let the heavens hear it ♪
♪ The penitential hymn ♪
♪ Come healing of the spirit ♪
♪ Come healing of the limb ♪
♪ O let the heavens hear it ♪
♪ The penitential hymn ♪
♪ Come healing of the spirit ♪
♪ Come healing of the limb ♪
♪ O troubledness concealing ♪
♪ An undivided love ♪
♪ The heart beneath
Is teaching ♪
♪ To the broken heart above ♪
♪ And let the heavens falter ♪
♪ Let the earth proclaim ♪
♪ Come healing of the alter ♪
♪ Come healing of the name ♪
♪ O longing of the branches
To lift the little bird ♪
[INMATES YELLING INDISTINCTLY]
[SHOUTING AND GRUNTING]
♪ To purify the blood ♪
♪ And let the heavens hear it ♪
♪ The penitential hymn ♪
♪ Come healing of the spirit ♪
♪ Come healing of the limb ♪
♪ O let the heavens hear it ♪
♪ The penitential hymn ♪
♪ Come healing of the spirit ♪
♪ Come healing of the limb ♪
[♪♪♪]